# TopicTrove x LightLink hack 

Live Demo - [Youtube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zspM7LJfjhk) <br />
Live Link - [TopicTrove dapp](https://topic-trove-light.vercel.app/) <br />

## ✨ Description

[TopicTrove](https://topic-trove-light.vercel.app/) is a platform that supports good and insightful stories. The point of the project is to incentivize creators to write more long form articles with value as we have realized that the current blogging and content creation platforms are not really straight forward with how they incentivize authors for their work, with them collecting most of the money earned from premium subscriptions and not paying authors what they deserve. So we decided to build a platform that incentivizes authors directly by giving them the ability to earn from unwritten posts and enabling them to have patrons as well, now authors have to verify their accounts with their social media before they can be eligible to earn on our platform, they can also publish free content if they want to, and paywall some other content if they so wish in addition to being requested to write on a topic, now when they want to monetize any post our LLM model verifies the post to make sure it wasn't generated by AI or plagiarized. 


## 💻 How we built TopicTrove

Here's a breakdown of how it was built:


1. Users can sign up by connecting their wallet with the social sign in, now when they click become a creator, it prompts them to sign a message, now after signing the message, it forwards their name and email that it has collected from the web3auth instance to our database and then they get onboarded into our platform to enjoy our services, they can choose to explore the website or go into their dashboard to create a post.

2. Users can verify their account with the ```verifyAccount``` function, which mints a member sbt for them, only verified accounts can earn money on our platform, for verification they have to connect one of their social media into our platform then call the ```verifyAccount``` function.

3. Users can paypall some posts with the ```monetizePost``` function, so that only people that pay for the posts will be able to access them.

4. Users on our platform can call ```tipPostCreator``` to tip a post creator just to support him for his content, so in essence you can tip a post that you come across and tip the creator from there. Only verified authors can be tipped.

5. Users on our platform can call ```tipCreator``` to a creator directly from his profile. Only verified authors can be tipped.

6. Users can call ```upvotePost``` to upvote a particular post and boost the reputation of the post, only verified members can upvote a post.

7. Users on our platform can call ```requestPost``` to request that an author writes on a particular topic and kickstarts this post by sending a stake amount

8. Users on our platform can call ```tipRequestedPost``` to tip a requested post so that it can get to the base amount an author charges for posts so that he can start writing when the tipping has been completed.


## Where we deployed to/contract details

We created and deployed our smart contracts on the pegasus testnet chain. 

### Pegasus Testnet

1. Platform contract 0x3a65168B746766066288B83417329a7F901b5569 - [View source code](https://github.com/Lucky-victory/TopicTrove-Light/blob/main/smart-contracts/contracts/Platform.sol) | [View on Pegasus](https://pegasus.lightlink.io/address/0x3a65168B746766066288B83417329a7F901b5569)

2. Treasury contract 0x9E1eF5A92C9Bf97460Cd00C0105979153EA45b27 - [View source code](https://github.com/Lucky-victory/TopicTrove-Light/blob/main/smart-contracts/contracts/Treasury.sol) | [View on Pegasus](https://pegasus.lightlink.io/address/0x9E1eF5A92C9Bf97460Cd00C0105979153EA45b27)

3. AuthorVerificationBadge contract 0x6D919b8dC30BEf41b56Aa8b18b2052c9459F8E9A - [View source code](https://github.com/Lucky-victory/TopicTrove-Light/blob/main/smart-contracts/contracts/AuthorVerificationBadge.sol) | [View on Pegasus](https://pegasus.lightlink.io/address/0x6D919b8dC30BEf41b56Aa8b18b2052c9459F8E9A)








